110

attentus, a, um, alert, atten-
tivo.

attmeb, 2 vm. belony to, con-
cern.

auctor, 6ri3, m. author, ad-
viser‚ authority.

auctbrltas, fitia, f. authority,
influence.

audeo, 2 v.a. and n. εοεαε,
dare, venture.

audib, 4 wa. hear, listen5 in
pass. sense, be called.

aureus, a, um, of ροῑά, 901ᾱεη;
subet. aureus (nummus),
yold coin.

aurlga, θθ, m. driver, coach-
man.

auris, is, f. ear.

auspicor, 1 v.d. take omem,
beyin.

aut, coni. either, or.

autem, conj. but.

avarus, a, um, ρνθθῶῃ, covet-
οιιε.

avbna, ae, f. oats.

avem, 3 ναι. turn away,
avert.

avis, ie, f. bird, omen.

hamata, ae, f. enyine for
harliny projectiles, catapult,
cannon.

baptismus, i, m. dippiny, bap-
tism.

barba, ae, f. beard.

barbarus, a, um, barbarian,
barbaram.

barbitus, a, um, boarded.

benc, adv· prettily, nioely, well.

bellicus, a, um, warlike.

bellua, ae, f. wild beast.

bellum, ἰ, n. war.

bene, adv, well.

benevolentia, θθ, f. kindness,
qoodwill.

benigne, adv. kindly.

bibo, 3 wa.. bibi, drink.

V ooabulary

hiemum, ii, n. period of two
years.

bu, adv. twice.

blanditam, ac, f. flattery,
allurement.

bonit-88, fitis, f. qoodness.

bonum, i, n. qood thiny, qood.

bonuz, a, um, qood.

hbe, boviS, m. and f. ox, cow.

bracchium, ii, n. arm.

brevis, θ, short.

brennae, fitis, f. brevity,
shortness.

bucca, ae, f. cheek.

cadb, 3 ναι. cecidi, casum,
fall.

caecae, a, um, blind, dark.

caelestis, θ, heavenly. ¹

caelum, i, n. heaven, sky,
weather.

calcat, airis, n. spur.

calcemus, ii, m. shoemaker.

calceus, i, m. ehoe.

calefacio, 3 ω. make warm.

caleb, 2 v.n. be warm-

calescb, 3 v.n. yrow warm.

calix, icis, m. cup.

calleb, 2 v.a. be skilled in,
know.

calx, calcia, f. lime, ohalk,
yoal.

candidus, a, um, white, briyht,
fair.

canb, 3 v.a. cecini, cantum,
εἴης, play, sound.

cantic, onie, f. sinyiny.

canto, 1 v.a. sin9‚ play.

centua, fig, tn. sona, music.

canna, a, um, white, hoary.

capax, acis, capacious.

capio, 3 wa. ccpi, captum,
take, scine, catch.

capto, 1 v.a. chase, catch at.

caput, itis, n. head, person,
position, follow.

cathanae, i, f. flam, linen3 pl.

