V ocabulary

discus, 1, m. disk, dish,
plate.

memineo, 2 v‚n. displea⁸e‚
dissatisfy.

dissimilis, e, different, unlike.

dissimulo, 1 v.a.. dissemble,
conceal.

diu, adv. for a lon9 time3
comp. diatim, lonyer.

<Eversum a, um, defferent.

(uvea, itia, rich.

&vin-itis, atis, f. divinity,
inspiration.

(nfinitus, adv. divinely, by
inspiration.

(16, 1 wa. dedi, datum, give,
offer, send, cause.

doceb, 2 v.a. docui, doctum,
teach, prove.

docilia, e, teachable.

doctus, a, um, learned.

doleo, 2 wa. and n. feel pain,
yrzeve.

delun, i, m. trick‚ quile.

domesticae, a, um, domestic,
private.

dom-inm, i, m. master, owner,
lord.

domo, 1 wa. domui, domitum,
tame, subdue.

domus, fle, f. house, home;
locative, donn, at home.

donec, conj. until.

dormio, 4 v.n. sleep.

dubito, 1 ναι. doubt, hesitate.

ᾱῠοδ, 3 v.a. duxi, ductum,
lead, quide, attract, marry,
consider.

ductae, fia, m.
quidance.

dulcia, e, sweet‚ pleasant.

dum, conj. while, until.

dummodo, conJ'. provided
that.

duo, ae, 0, two,

(immeo, 1 v.a. double.

duma, a, um, hard, cruet.

leading),

115

ὃ and ex, prep. with abl. out
os, from, according] tc, aster.

eece, interi. lo! behold!

ecqui& n. ecquid, pron. interr.
ie there anyone?

edax, eicie, yreedy.

ὂάίεοό, 3 v.a. learn by heart.

odo, V. irreg. esse, odi, esum,
eat.

ὂᾱοοτιιε, a, um, tauyht thor-
ouyhly.

efficio, 3 ιε.. effeci, effectum,
effect, cause.

effug-16, 3 wa. and n. flee
away, escape.

effundo, 3 vm.. pour out.

ego, mei, Ι ; egomet, Ι myself3
mficum, by mysetf.

&greg-15, adv. excellently.

Egregius, a, um, excellent.

egressus, fis, m. 902‘729 out,

613)th oga-d· clip away, ee-
cape.

aegane, antio, nice, choice.

elegenter, adv, nicely, taete-
su l .

eligo,y3 wa. elegi, electum,
pick out.

Elim, a, um, boiled.

Emineb, 2 vm. stand out, be
eminent.

emo, 3 v.a. fami, emptum, buy.

emptor, 6riS, m. purchaser.

δτι, interi. lo! behold!

enlm, conj.sor.

οδ, 4 v.n. ivi or ii, itum, 90.

eo, adv. thither, therefore.

episcopus, i, m. overseer,
bichop.

epanalamlum, ii, n. weddiny

mn.

eques, itia, tn. horeeman.

equidem, adv. for my part,
indeed.

aqum, 1 v.n. ride.

equus, ἰ, ιιι. horse.

3—ss

