V ocabulary

imperatorius, a, um, os a
yeneral.

importum, ii, n. command,
empire.

humbro, l wa. entreat.

impudente, entia, shameless‚
impudent.

impuno, adV. with impunity.

in, prep. with aco. into, a·
qainst, for, till, tendin9 to;
with abl. in.

ἱιιοὸᾱῡ, 3 v.n. nwve, stalk,
move slowly.

incertus, a, um, uncertain.

incessi», 3 wa. attack.

memb, 3 v.n. incidI, sall on.

incipw, 3 v.a. inoe'spi, incep-

, tum, be9in.

includo, 3 wa. shut in.

incommodum, i, n. incon·
venience, trouble.

lnd'elg adv. from this, thence,
t n.

indecbrum a, um, wnbecominy.

indico, l vm.. point out, in-
dicate.

indignus, a, um, unworthy.

inducis, 3 v.a. briny in, draw on.

induo, 3 v.s.. put on, assume.

inemptus, a, um, unbouyht.

1:106, 4 v.a. enter, qain.

infelix, ieie, unlucky, unfor-
tunate.

infra, adV. and prop. with aco. ·

below.

ingenium, ii, n. nature, cha-
racter, intellect, ability.

ingens, (satie, yreat.

monuo, adV. frankly, like a
yentleman.

mcx-avosca, 3 v.n. increase,
yrow serious.

ingl-emor, 3 v.d. ingressus,
enter.

inicio, 3 wa. inieci, iniectum,
throw on.

mquus, a, um, unsair.

119

iniussu, abl. m. without
orders. ·

innocentia, ae, f. innocence.

inamoeno, 3 ναι. ἰιιηόίῑυῑ, be-
come known.

innumerus, a, um, countless.

inopia, ae, f. want, poverty.

mquam, v, def. inquii, say.

insania, ae, f. madness.

insanio, 4 vm. be mad.

maequor, 3 v.d. follow after,
pursue.

insignis, θ, remarkable, emi-
nent.

insfflb, 4 τηε.. insilui, leap
upon.

insolitus, a, um, unaccustomed.

metitum 3 ια. establish, set
on foot.

institutum, i, n. ordinance,
rule of life.

insto, 1 v.n. institi, press on,
urqe.

instruo, 3 wa. instruxi, in-
structum, furnish, prime.

insuavis, e, unpleasant.

insula, ae, f. island.

mamb, 3 ta. spend upon.

intellego, 3 v.a. intellexi, in-
tellectum, understand.

mtempestxvus, a, um, un-
seasonable.

intend& 3 vx.. direct, aim,
strain. '

intentb, 1 vs.. direct, aim.

intentus, a, um, intent, ιῙῐιιςιιιί.

mter, prep. with aec. among),
between.

intercedo, 3 vm. interpose, in·
tercede.

interea„ adV. meanwhile.

interim, adv. meanwhile.

intermitto, 3 v.a. suspend,
interrupt.

interpretor, 1 v.d. interpret.

intra, prep. with aco. within.

invenio, 4 ma. find, win.

