V oeabulary

alo, 3 v.a. alui, seed, notarim,
cherish, maintain.

altor, ora, erum, one...other,
the one, the other (of two).

alternus, a, um, alternate.

amabilis, e, lovely, deliyhtsul.

amabiliter, adv. deliyhtfully.

ambio, 4 v.a. 9⁰ round, can·
vass, court, strive for.

ambitioso, adv, ostentatiously.

ambulatio, (mis, f. walkiny,
walk.

ambulo, 1 vm. walk.

am101t1a, ae, f. friendship.

amicus, a, um, lovinq, friendly,
dear ; subst. amous, i, m.
friend.

amnis, is, m. river.

amb, 1 v.a. love.

amoenus, a, um, deliyhtful,
charminy.

amplitudo, inis, f. aize, extent.

amplus, a, um, ample, larye.

an, conj. whether, or.

anceps, ancipitia,
doubtful, dangeo-oue.

ancilla, ae, f. maid-servant.

ang-ustus, a, um, narrow.

anhsslus, a, um, pantiny.

anima, ae, f. breath, life, soul.

ammadverto, 3 wa. attend to,
obser-ve.

animal, alie, n. animal.

anlmus, ἰ, m. mind, couraye,
soal, heart, inclination.

annona, ae, f. corn, cor-n-
supply, price of corn.

annuo, 3 v.n. nod assent.

annus, ἰ, m. year.

anser, eris, m. yoose.

ante, prep. with acc. and adv.
before.

antea, adv. before.

antenna, ae, f. sail-yard.

anteverto, 3 v.n. take first
place.

aper, apri, m. wz'ld boar.

double,

109

aperio, 4 v.a. aperui, apertum,
open, uncover.

aperto, adv. openly.

apparo, 1 wa. prepare.

appello, l v.a. call, appeal to.

appeto, 3 v.a. and n. etv-ive
aseer, desire, come on.

appono, 3 v.a. set before, serve.

aptus, a, um, fit, suitable.

apud, prep. with acc. at, with,
antony, in.

aquila, ao, f. eayle.

ira, ae, f. altar.

arbiter, tri, m. umpire.

arbitror, 1 v, d. think.

arbor, oris, f. tree.

ardor, 6ris, m. heac, zeal.

argenteus, a, um, of silver.

argutiae, farum, f. pl. subtle-
ties.

argutat, 1 v.d. prate, chatter.

arma, orum, n. pl. arms,
weapons, implements.

armo, 1 v.a. arm, equip‚ fur-
nish.

arndeo, 2 vm. arrisi, arrisum,
smile at, please.

arripio, 3 v.a. arripui, arrep-
tum, suatch up, seize.

arrogantia, ae, f. arroyance.

ars, artis, f. art, device, method,
trade.

artifex, ficis, tn. and f. artist.

asinus, i, m. ass.

aspectus, fia, m. aspect, siyht,
look.

aspergo, 3 v.a. scatter, sprin-

assuesco, 3 wa. and n. as-
suovi, assuetum, accustom,
accustom onesekf.

assus, a, um, roasted.

astrologus, i, tn. astroloqer,
astronomer.

at, conj. but.

atque, conj. and, aa.

atqnx, oonj. but, and yet.

