V ocabulary

vnis, e, cheap‚ paltry.

vinitas, fitia, f. cheapness.

vinco, 3 ιε.. vici, victum,
conquer, beat.

vinum, i, n. wine.

vir, viri, m. man, husband.

mgb, inim f. viryin, maiden.

viriditas, fitia, f. yreenness,
verdure.

viru-18, e, manly.

virtue, fitis, f. τηαπῑίηεεε,
couroye, virtue.

’ vla, acc. vim, abl. vi, f.

strenyth, sorce3 pl. νῙτόε,
ium, strenyth.

νῙεό, 3 v.a. visi, visum, look
at, 90 to see, visit.

vita, ae, f. lise.

vitfflsuS, a,
rotte'n.

vitium, i, n. fault, blemish,
vice.

v1t6, 1 wa. avoid.

vitreus, a, um, of alass.

um, faulty,

135

νῐνδ, 3 mn. vixi, victum, live,
enjoy life.

v1vu8, a, um, liviny, alive.

vix, adv. hardly, scarcely.

voco, 1 ma. call, summou,
invite.

volito, 1 v.n. fly about.

volo, 1 v.n. fly.

volo, v. irreg. volui, wish.

voluptas, atis, f. pleasure.

votum, i, n. vow, prayer.

vox, νὸοἰε, f. voice, word,
sayiny.

vulgaris, e, common, ordinary.

vulgi} adV. commonly, ‚qener-
a y.

vulgus, i, n. (rarely m.),
common people.

vulnus, eris, n. wound, bloio,
disaster.

vultm, fle, m. countenauce,
look, expression.

zona, ae, f. yirdle, purae.

INDEX OF PROPER NAMES.

The references are to payes.

Abba, g. Abbatis, an Abbot,
38, 39, 43.

Acadama,
versity, 25.

Actae6n‚ Actaeon, 24.

Aeginium Giles, 26.

Africa, Africa, 19.

Albaue, Alan, 2.

mgna, Enyland, 22, 44.

Anglus, Enylishman, 22.

mmmmm, Antwerp, 25, 30.

Auster, the South Wind, 10.

Academy, Um:-

Baggl turris, tower of Babel,

Batavum Dutch, Dutchman,
Βτξῒῖαἷιὸῐῇα, Britain, 48.

caesar, Caesar, Emperor, 43.

’ 08156, g. Catonis, Cato, 50.

Charon, g. Charmide, Charon,
coffinum, Christian, 34,
offiium, Christ, 49, 50.
chrysippus, Chrysippus, 47.
Cornelia, Cornelia, 26.
ῦτῗίὲθιιωε, os Crete, Cretan,

